[Home]
How Are You, XXX?

6th June 2016. Guess what date 

2016年6月6日， 猜猜看那是什么日子。 没错， 那天是故事的开章，是我们第一次背井离乡，来到了霹雳州务边国立大学预科学院。踏入校园时的心情
still remember all those little moments?

This is the reason the theme of the grad mag is 醇憶。 It's our human natural that we are forgetful. Those little moments, those feelings and 
realization wanted to preserve it. As it like the good old wine.

Now it's the time. The year of 2020 is the year where we shall reunited. Escape from the current reality, travel back to the past
share some moments together.

As the initiator of 'Our Promise', I'm hereby announcing that the recruiment of 'Our Promise' event organizing team is opening! I really encourage
everyone to have a look (here, url link to the page) and apply. This event shall be a light and fun event, It shall not consume too much of your time

P.s. This website serves as a platform to unite everyone. I'm currently migrating our physical graduation magazine to this website. Stay tune for more 
content and interesting features!


What's new!
- github repo
- login
- register to be a committee
- graduates photo
- dark theme
- localization

[Be a committee]
Hello World! 
While you are reading this, I assume it's a good sign that you are interested to be part of the committee! I'm glad that you did.

To organize an event we need a team. but unfortunately we have to overcome geographical challenges
- time commitment is low, after exam only start

- How will 'our promise' be? The answer is 'I don't know!' Really! Cause it can be anything, it's full of possibility, it's depends on you,
the organizing team (if you were involved, hehe). The organizing team will have full control of how interesting this event can be.

However, as the initiator of this event, I have little wishes and some brief vague direction of how this event should be. 
It's with the focus of 
- reconnecting relationship
- throwback of memories
- giving back to society

Reconnecting relationship
We have gone through different life journey in the past 3 years. Get updated with how everyone's is doing. Building lifelong friendship

Throwback of memories
This event shall bring the participants back to old time, reflect back how far have we grown.

Giving back to society
As a student we enjoyed a lot of priviledges, we been treated so well and kindly by all individuals. I hope that this event can allocate 
a small amount of time, use the strength of us being youthful, creative & diversity. Collective we can give back to the society. Again
this is highly depend on the organizing team on how it will goes.


That's it. 

If you are aligned with the focus of this event and ready to make it happen, choose a department below and fill up the register form

I can't wait to work with you. To go fast, go alone, to go far, go as a team. 

regards,
Ka Chun


[Register now!]
"department": "Treasury"
"jd": ["Budgeting. Ensure the efficient use of resources while organizing the event", "Accounting. Track Expenses and record down for future references"]
"requirement": ["stingy", "good in dealing money", "won't involve in corruption"]

"department":"Marketing"
"jd": ["Invite KMPKians to attend this event", "engage & deliver information to participants", "produce digital media
"requirement": ["Good at jio-ing people", "creative", "computer literate, able to design poster and create videos"]

"department": "Program"
"jd": ["Budgeting. Ensure the efficient use of resources while organizing the event", "Accounting. Track Expenses and record down for future references"]
"requirement": [
"consolidate KMPKians interest"
"Crazy minded, can come out with the most interesting program in the world",
 "realistic. Know the limit the resources, won't give up and make the event successful",
 "resourceful. able the react to sudden change of event"]

"department": "Operation
"jd": [
"Ensure food & transportation is well arranged", "prepare venue"]
"prepare tools and equipments"]



